we have confirmed that the stock market
has risen because of Central Bank
influence upon it the central bank is
the only one who can issue the legal
tender of that country the economy is
clearly in a disastrous situation but
quite frankly it's covered up and masked
by this inflated bubble you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you today we are going to look at this
indicator I want to connect it in with a
few other issues let's begin with this
article out of the
telegraph the Global Credit impulse has
fallen as dramatically over recent
months as it did during the onset of the
Leman crisis the Leman crisis obviously
being that Pinnacle moment during the
financial crisis Where it All
Began you see this UBS tracking
indicator shows that the impulse
plummeted by
6% of GDP since peaking last year they
site these two countries China and the
us as the core
issue here all I really wanted to say
from this is that it is telling with
this with this particular indicator but
this indicator is simply one of many
everyone needs to seek out as many
indicators as possible for the average
individual in the finance industry
realistic basically they're only looking
at let's say maybe five or even 10 they
look at the stock market they look at
the interest rates and a few others it's
like the most
basic thing yet really what's going on
is a complicated set of events that can
be triggered in order to bring on the
financial crisis part two
look at
this instead of spending money on having
a Resurgence in the economy the US
government is going to
send perhaps 4,000 additional American
forces into Afghanistan more money is
being poured into the war despite
Obama's lies that troops would be
brought back home well that's not going
to happen because this war war is a
fraud in the first place and it's simply
funding the military industrial
complex look at this central banks
bought most of the government debt
expansion can you believe this when you
look at the percentage
wise you're seeing
40% in this
case of what we
call expansion but really it's in a way
digging itself
deeper that's pretty much where the
global economy sits at all the central
banks around the world all the big boys
are here printing up more currency than
ever and it's causing a complete
dislocation and Distortion look at
this where does
the wealth come from where does the
economy come from from a printing
press That's the new
world National home prices now exceed
their previous peak in nominal terms but
not in real terms you have to figure
this for anything for the stock market
for any particular commodity look at
this in real terms as well it's so
important and it gives you a better
picture of what's happening and that's
even using the fake numbers imagine if
they used these um real
calculations it would just show us a
much better picture but they don't want
to do
that San Francisco has gotten so
expensive that some tech companies can't
convince employees to move there this
has become one of these small
areas of a large area where you know you
look nationally at the US there's a lot
of pockets San Francisco happens to be
so expensive right now that it is absurd
rental prices are skyrocketed you're
looking at to buy a home is skyrocketed
I mean this is just one example of so
many so many different cities so many
different states and provinces regions
and countries have seen real estate
prices become astronomical look at this
trailer park flash Google buys 300
high-tech modular homes worth $30
million for its employees to help
alleviate Silicon Valley Housing crunch
it's gotten so
expensive it is
absurd
and what we are seeing look at Hong Kong
for example I just saw an article today
about people living in essentially boxes
and I don't say box as you know a few
hundred square feet we're talking about
literally a box I don't even think the
person can stand up inside of it it's a
coffin
essentially and that has
become a new Norm I think it was
$1,200 for something like that I mean
it's
absurd where is the reality of any of
these markets the fact is that it's not
there it's simply not
there Netflix surpasses major cable
providers in the US this is huge not for
Netflix necessarily that have reached
over
50% I believe
that what this tells me is that change
is not coming change is here people are
going away with traditional me media and
it seems to be that traditional
media TV
radio garbage news people are simply
transitioning to different systems like
Netflix and
like um streaming applications like
Spotify or even
YouTube there's so many people are going
to an
alternate whatever that might be in
their ideas that they don't want to be
forced onto such a old way to do things
they want to move on to new and let's
say better things I mean some people
would argue that but it doesn't matter
so this is just trying to show you that
change is here today A lot is changing
some for the better some for the worse
what is changing if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative so the first book is
about four asset classes and how to
profit from them then the new book takes
on familiar examples but I get into what
I call the money GPS strategy and that
is becoming self-sufficient reducing
your expenses and so on you could flip
through those books over at
Amazon there is a link in the
description below and I just wanted to
say that I'm very
appreciative for everyone out there
listening to this
video thank you to each and every one of
you take
care